###
# GET A STUDENTS DETAILS
GET http://localhost:3000/api/student/1/details
###

###
# GET A TEACHERS DETAILS
GET http://localhost:3000/api/teacher/1/details
###

###
# GET A STUDENTS LEVEL
GET http://localhost:3000/api/student/1/level
###

###
# GET A STUDENTS HOME LANGUAGE
GET http://localhost:3000/api/student/1/language
###

###
# GET A FLASHCARD
GET http://localhost:3000/api/flashcard/1
###

###
# SEE FLASHCARDS FOR A LANGUAGE AND LEVEL
GET http://localhost:3000/api/flashcard/7/French
###

###
# SEE FLASHCARDS DUE
GET http://localhost:3000/api/flashcard/due/1
###

###
# MARK A FLASHCARD AS REVIEWED
POST http://localhost:3000/api/flashcard/3/review
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "user_id": 1,
  "reviewResult": "Good"
}
###

###
# MARK A FLASHCARD AS REVIEWED THAT THEY HAVEN'T REVIEWED BEFORE
POST http://localhost:3000/api/flashcard/3/review
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "user_id": 3,
  "reviewResult": "Good"
}
###

###
# CREATE A FLASHCARD
POST http://localhost:3000/api/flashcard/create
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "user_id": 1,
  "type": "Normal",
  "title": "Test creation",
  "front": "Test front",
  "back": "Test back"
}
###

###
# CREATE AN AI FLASHCARD
POST http://localhost:3000/api/flashcard/prompt/1
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "prompt": "I'm a piece of a software that helps people learn English by showing them flashcards. In order to make things easier for users I'm going to automate the process of creating flashcards by getting you to do it. I want you to create 5 flashcards. The front of the card of will have the word in their language. And the back of the flashcard will have the word in English. This partuclar users language is Spanish. It's important you format the flashcards properly. It needs to be an array of flashcards, with each flashcard being an object. There needs to be a title, front and back. The title and front should be the same. Make sure all words are capitalised. Formatted in JSON. Please don't show me anything other than the JSON. Don't speak back to me."
}
###


###
# CREATE A NEW STUDENT
POST http://localhost:3000/api/student
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "username": "new_student",
  "password": "123456",
  "email": "new_student@email.com",
  "role": "student",
  "student_home_language": "English"
}
###

###
# CREATE A NEW TEACHER
POST http://localhost:3000/api/teacher
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "username": "new_teacher",
  "password": "123456",
  "email": "new_teacher@email.com",
  "role": "teacher",
  "teacher_home_language": "English",
  "qualifications": "Masters in English Literature",
  "teacher_biography": "I have been teaching English for over 10 years.",
  "teacher_profile_image": "https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/2827932?v=4"
}
###
